so I would say welcome to another
University blog but technically I'm not
at university anymore sorry I look so
tired
my eyes are really puffy
[Music]
I'm still doing my daily University
vlogs intro because this is still a part
of my series of two weeks University
[Music]
I am allowed to light a candle say I'm
pretty much gonna light every candle in
my room because I have missed candles so
much
[Music]
good morning um I look a lot more awake
now than I did earlier I only looked up
with myself in the viewfinder and I
thought gosh no this is awful my eyes
are really puffy and red because I just
working out best of all of course
because that has been requested I'm
going to do an outfit of the day I
basically I didn't pack clothes because
I knew that I had clothes at home I
decided to wear this pink Abercrombie
t-shirt with an Abercrombie jumper
actually and then this skirt which I got
from a charity shop just a velvet
burgundy skater skirt and it's really
nice not tommen although today I'm
hoping is gonna be a really nice cozy
day I know I'm going out to a party in
the evenings other than that it's gonna
be really really relaxed which is so
nice so my mom and I are gonna go to a
national park and just go on a walk my
dad's is still probably joined on to you
but that's what we're planning to do I'm
really looking forward to it so some of
you might remember my bounty pumpkins
from the last two years so massive
pumpkins you know kind of from here to
here that big and loads of them you know
good ten pumpkins this year
so we are going for lunch now at 3
o'clock at 3 o'clock
your father is deeply recognized now you
just respond at time management I hate
this it was really bright evidence now
it sprays again yeah we're going to this
really nice vegan cafe for lunch
and then we are going forward dog walk
for the dogs on here yet tell me just
[Music]
okay so this house a Wow taking the
camera with Ruby now we put the same
haircut if you have a listen Martha gave
me these sunglasses okay yeah I had to
pay two pounds
you fought these for a pair of
sunglasses of mine thank you
and then I had to give her two pounds to
bite to get these ones from her
[Music]
I completely forgot to actually show you
a picture of my food before I eat it so
I'm sorry about that but why you
apologize you don't steal you a Marth is
my biggest fan she even got her hat
[Music]
and then with small game
[Applause]
[Music]
Lalah
so Lola has already run off once we've
managed to twelve mom and dad managed to
catch her and now we're eating food days
but Margo's allowed off because she's
better
Ruby approved
[Music]
it's just so beautiful I love places
like this just so green and in autumn
just starting to be flat with orange
slightly green paper towel with orange
watercolor paints slowly seeping through
and turning it from green to orange so
since we got back home from the dog walk
it's been quite lazy and I am going to
my friend's 18th birthday party this
evening and the theme is the seven
deadly sins so I'm going as a Bernese a
Scrooge I've also got a top hat to go
with it too okay so today I am going as
Scrooge as a cell and going as ebony the
Scrooge from A Christmas Carol
representing the voice of greed and as
you might be able to tell I look quite
tired and yeah as I said my sister has
to I'm sorry my vlogging camera ran out
of charge but I in this purse I'm
bringing some - one penny coins and
these are the old-fashioned ones because
to get into our bathroom there's this
lock which you need to put old coins
into you and so we've got these old
coins just in a jar outside so I've just
picked up these two 1 penny coins s so
whoo I love holding old money
[Music]
it's nearly 12 o'clock and we're back
home from enemy's party thank you so
much to ask me for hosting it it was a
really good fun it was so great to see
both Esme and Kitty because it's been
quite a while since we saw them yeah but
I'm going to sign off the vlog here
because it's late and I'm gonna go to
bed
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week